This project implements the vehicle relocation schedule optimization in the network as a linear programming problem using Julia. It would be helpful to improve the customer experience and beneficial in product development and decision-making as a rental car company because startups often have limited resources, and optimizing their utilization can lead to cost savings, improved efficiency, and better overall performance. 

The five locations we choose are in thesame region and not far from each other because we need to satisfy the premise thatrelocation cost is lower than the potential profit. The demand data was from a member’sproject last semester(Tian,2022). The data was estimated based on research.
We will analyze three different cases in this project. In the first case, we assume that allcustomers will return vehicles to the original location after use, while in the second casewe assume the vehicles will be returned to random locations instead. We intend tocompare the business results between the two cases to see the impact from the supplyvariability.
In the third case, we make a new assumption that there are third-party companies nearbysupporting our company when backorders happen. We can rent more vehicles from thethird-party company at some cost when the car inventory of our locations is in shortage.We initially assume outsourcing from third parties will reduce our profit due to the highcost. In this case, the rental strategy with third-party companies would also be a variablein the optimization problem
